you guys it's the what you dude um so I
forgot I want to do a review for you
guys to think I can do together
alright so this review is for spells of
magic calm and their lavender you guys
can see they're actually really nicely
colored um they're very fragrant really
good when you get them they come in
either a 2 ounce bag or I believe like a
6 ounce bag so there was more in here
and you can see those they're really
nice and this is really nice too let's
see lavender flowers whole it says often
used for spells of love okay I can't
read the rest I think you guys get ok
those of love and healing as well as to
seek inner peace or work spells of
prosperity and protection so that's
lavender um
this sounds great open bag just and I
used it once felt that I did and also I
used it in that cleansing team and it
worked really well didn't give me a
stomachache or anything luckily they
didn't say on the west on the upside
doesn't say culinary so you always have
to take the chance of if you're gonna
ingest it you have to know that it
doesn't say culinary so and then this
next thing is that I'm sorry I was I
burned this earlier and I burn like this
yeah
the sage stick which is also it was
actually bundled really good kid tied in
different spots but um I used it earlier
and
when I cleanse the house as well as a
different sponge stick but I use that
one in my room and the sage is good
quality it doesn't like this much just
stick it doesn't it's dry it's like it
kept lighting and was really enjoying
really good um I've had a problems where
I I'd liked some like sage or something
and he wouldn't burn it would burn for a
little while and then just go out and
this stuff is like really good it burned
and kept burning and there use a little
bit longer I have a picture them it's
gonna be before this obviously I would
give both of those I would give the
lavender and hand out of an 8 out of 10
and this much stick a 9 out of 10
because the smudge stick is actually
really good um I definitely recommend
looking at their website they have a lot
of other really cool things on there as
well but that's my quick little review
you guys and um blessings to you guys